## Books
Our favorite Java reference is Peter Sestoft's "Java Precisely", which does a great job of covering the language constructs with examples. The definitive book for Java is "Java: The Complete Reference" by Oracle Press—this, along with the Java Language Specification, is the go-to resource for language lawyers.
Joshua Bloch's "Effective Java" (second edition) is one of the best all-round pro¬ gramming books we have come across, addressing everything from the pitfalls of inheritance, to the Executor framework. For design patterns, we like "Head First Design Patterns" by Freeman et ah. Its primary drawback is its bulk. Tony Bevis' "Java Design Pattern Essentials" conveys the same content in a more succinct but less entertaining fashion. Note that programs for interviews are too short to take advantage of design patterns.
"Java Concurrency in Practice", by Goetz et al. does a wonderful job of explaining pitfalls and practices around multithreaded Java programs.

## Strategy for great Interviewing
Have a convention for identifiers, e.g., i , j ,k for array indices, A,B,C for arrays, u,v,wfor vectors, s for a String, sb for a StringBuilder, etc.

All companies want bright and motivated engineers. However, companies differ greatly in their culture and organization. Here is a brief classification.
Mature consumer-facing company, e.g., Google: wants candidates who under¬ stand emerging technologies from the user's perspective. Such companies have a deeper technology stack, much of which is developed in-house. They have the re¬ sources and the time to train a new hire.
Enterprise-oriented company, e.g., Oracle: looks for developers familiar with how large projects are organized, e.g., engineers who are familiar with reviews, documentation, and rigorous testing.
Government contractor, e.g., Lockheed-Martin: values knowledge of specifi¬ cations and testing, and looks for engineers who are familiar with government- mandated processes.
Startup, e.g., Uber: values engineers who take initiative and develop products on their own. Such companies do not have time to train new hires, and tend to hire can¬ didates who are very fast learners or are already familiar with their technology stack, e.g., their web application framework, machine learning system, etc. Embedded sys- tems/chip design company, e.g., National Instruments: wants software engineers who know enough about hardware to interface with the hardware engineers. The tool chain and development practices at such companies tend to be very mature.

947. MostStonesRemovedwithSameRoworColumn